1- What is a deductable?
A. The amount you pay monthly.
B. What you pay when an accident occurs, before your policy covers the loss.-------------
C. An optional coverage on your policy.
D. The amount your insurance owes you from a filed claim.

2- What is premium?
A. The amount that the insured owes the insurance company. ------------------------
B. A type of policy that offers better coverage than standard policies. 
C. A one time fee that must be paid when a policy is made. 
D. What the insurance company owes the insured when a claim is filed. 

3- What is a claim?
A. The rights that the insured has according to the contract that they made with their insurance company. 
B. The way an insurance company determines what you pay for insurance. 
C. An official request from the insured to the insurance company for money for a covered loss. -------------------
D. The rights that insurace companies have in the agreement made with the insured. 

4- What is 'Bodily Injury' coverage?
A. This covers you in the event that you cause an accident that physically harms the indivudual who is not at fault.-----------------
B. This covers your vehicle in the event that it gets damaged. 
C. This covers the third party's vehicle in the event that you are at fault for a car accident.
D. This covers any bodily harm that the insured suffers.

5- Which of the following is a required coverage for all drivers in Florida?
A. Personal Injury Protection-------------
B. Bodily Injury Protection 
C. Comprehensive Coverage 
D. Collision Coverage

6- What is 'Property Damage' coverage?
A. This covers damage to the insured's vehicle when the insured is not at-fault.
B. This covers damage to any property that is not a vehicle.
C. This covers the insured's property, excluding the vehicle.
D. This covers the property of a third party in the case of an at-fault accident by the insured.------

What is true about Personal Injury Protection?
A. This covers bodily harm for the insured even while acting as a passenger.
B. This coverage is required by all drivers in Florida. 
C. This covers bodily harm that the insured suffers regardless of fault.
D. All of the above.----------

7- What is the Declaration Page? 
A. The document that displays the summary of coverages. -----------
B. The document that the insured uses to make claims.
C. An additional coverage that can be added to the policy.
D. This document shows the rights of the insurance company.





--TIPS--





1. The dedutible is what you pay when an accident occurs, before your policy covers the loss.

2. The premium is the amount that the insured owes the insurance company.

3. A claim is an official request from the insured to the insurance company for money for a covered loss.

4. Bodily Injury covers you in the event that you cause an accident that physically harms the indivudual who is not at fault.

5. Property Damage covers the property of a third party in the case of an at-fault accident by the insured

6. Personal Injury Protection covers bodily harm for the insured even while acting as a passenger, it's required by all drivers in Florida, and it covers regardless of fault.

7. The Declaration Page is the the document that displays the summary of coverages.






* Property Damage and Personal Injury Protection are required coverages in Florida.

* One way to lower your monthly premium is to raise your deductible. 

* Proprty Damage(PD) and Personal Injury Protection(PIP) is required for all drivers in Florida. 

* Combining multiple policies (Home insurance and Auto insurance) can save money.

* Review your coverage to see if you have every coverage you need.

* Students that have a good GPA may be able to recieve a discount.

















